Updates self-managed documentation with new Enterprise toggles (#364)
gristlabs/grist-help: help/en/docs/self-managed.md

  -it gristlabs/grist
```

You should then be able to visit `http://localhost:8484` in
your browser. Already you will be able to create and edit Grist
documents, and to open and edit documents downloaded from another
Grist installation (such as our SaaS).

If using some other tool or service, here are the important points:

 * The main image name is `gristlabs/grist`, which is our combined Core and Enterprise docker image.

>    The image `gristlabs/grist-oss` also exists, which contains only Apache licensed code and only supports Grist Core.

Reviewer: "Apache licensed" is a bit of a vague phrase. Some might interpret it to say that we licensed it to the Apache foundation or something like that. I would replace it with "free and open source code" or similar.

Author: :+1:

>    (For some tools, you may need to prefix these image names with `docker.io/`.)

Reviewer: Some tools? What situation do you have in mind?

Author: This was the original phrasing, I think it's referring to podman? I'm not sure that has a default registry set. Not 100% sure though.

you developed, you may want to consider
[GristConnect](install/grist-connect.md), available for Grist Enterprise.

### How do I enable Grist Enterprise? {: .tag-ee }

> Grist Enterprise can be enabled by visiting the Admin Panel and clicking the "Enable Grist Enterprise Features" toggle.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Grist Enterprise can be enabled by visiting the Admin Panel and clicking the 'Enable Grist Enterprise Features' toggle.
```

UI Text should have single quotes
